link to julia_pod in README (#81)
beacon-biosignals/K8sClusterManagers.jl: README.md

A Julia cluster manager for provisioning workers in a Kubernetes (K8s) cluster.

> Pairs well with [julia_pod](https://github.com/beacon-biosignals/julia_pod) for k8s-native julia development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pairs well with [julia_pod](https://github.com/beacon-biosignals/julia_pod) for K8s-native Julia development.
```
Just makes capitalization consistent with the sentence above it.

> Pairs well with [julia_pod](https://github.com/beacon-biosignals/julia_pod) for k8s-native julia development.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pairs well with [`julia_pod`](https://github.com/beacon-biosignals/julia_pod) for interactive Julia development within a K8s pod. 
```

Reviewer: This one is better than mine
